But when I go into a relationship or friendship with someone who doesn't have a disability,
how would they react when I do tell them that I do have a disability?
And that's what I'm afraid of, is once I tell them, I won't hear anything from them.
And that's what I am worried about.
Is it something you have been telling people at the moment or not?
I don't know what to do because I want to tell them and I know if I do,
that again they'll probably say, we don't, it's not worth it.
But I suppose if I tell them that I have a disability as well, that I'm telling the truth.
So, if maybe I don't say anything about my disability, how would that work?
Would that be lying or just not maintaining it because you want to put yourself out there
with getting relationships and friendships and I really don't know what to do.
It's something that I would like to look into but not sure how to go about it.
Do you know anyone else who's on these dating sites?
No.
And where did you hear about the dating sites?
I've just looked online, just dating sites.
That's it.
Nothing more.